Add and update meta descriptions in Core docs 2.1.6 - closes #611 (#612)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/api-access.adoc

= Control API access
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The API access page displays the configurable flags to control node access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The API access page describes the configurable options to control the API access of a node.
```
